Hello, 

Thank you for submitting the new app, Lusapp, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ef757e46-5777-4e8a-a39e-316bfcfcd914
Review date: March 23, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 1.2 - Safety - User-Generated Content

Issue Description

We found in our review that the app includes user-generated content but does not have all the required precautions. Apps with user-generated content must take specific steps to moderate content and prevent abusive behavior.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to implement the following precautions:

- A mechanism for users to flag objectionable content
- A mechanism for users to block abusive users. Blocking should also notify the developer of the inappropriate content and should remove it from the user's feed instantly.

Once the required precautions have been implemented, or if they are already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- The EULA or terms of use agreement presented to users before accessing user-generated content
- The mechanism for users to flag objectionable content
- The mechanism for users to block abusive users

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Learn more about our policies for user-generated content in guideline 1.2.
Guideline 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use and Sharing

Issue Description

The app privacy information provided in App Store Connect indicates the app collects data in order to track the user, including Photos or Videos, Email Address, and User ID. However, the app does not use App Tracking Transparency to request the user's permission before tracking their activity.

Apps need to receive the user’s permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework before collecting data used to track them. This requirement protects the privacy of users.

Next Steps

Here are three ways to resolve this issue:

- If the app does not currently track, update the app privacy information in App Store Connect. You must have the Account Holder or Admin role to update app privacy information. If you are unable to change the privacy label, reply to this message in App Store Connect, and make sure your App Privacy Information in App Store Connect is up to date before submitting your next update for review.

- If this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission, but tracks on other platforms, notify App Review by replying to the rejection in App Store Connect. You should also reply if this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission but tracks on other Apple platforms this app is available on.

- If the app tracks users on all supported platforms, the app must use App Tracking Transparency to request permission before collecting data used to track. When resubmitting, indicate in the Review Notes where the permission request is located.

Note that if the app behaves differently in different countries or regions, you should provide a way for App Review to review these variations in the app submission. Additionally, these differences should be documented in the Review Notes section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Tracking is linking data collected from the app with third-party data for advertising purposes, or sharing the collected data with a data broker. Learn more about tracking. 
- See Frequently Asked Questions about the requirements for apps that track users.
- Learn more about designing appropriate permission requests.
Guideline 2.3.6 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

Issue Description

The content description selected for the app’s Age Rating indicates that the app includes In-App Controls. However, we were unable to find either Parental Controls or Age Assurance mechanisms in the app.

Next Steps

If the app currently includes these features, reply to this message and let us know how to locate them.

Otherwise, update the Age Rating selections to "None" for "Age Assurance." Age Rating selections can be found on the App Information page after selecting the app in App Store Connect.
